This file define the requirements of check list application.

# General definition
The application is a todo list that support listing items inside list and support multiple lists.

## Features
* Items can be marked as completed and moved to completed items sections.
* Multiple lists can be created each containing their own items.
* marked items can be permemnently deleted either one by one, or all marked items at the same time.
* Items should contain the following possible attributes:
  * ID (uuid) - required generated by server
  * name - required
  * updated time - required
  * creted time - required
  * created by - required
  * updated by - required
  * quantity - optional
  * user icon id - required
  * parent list id - required
  * order number - required the order number in the list. order can be changed
  * quantity type (for example: weigh in KG or GR, liters, milliliters, number etc...) - optional
  * Version, the item version should be maintained to avoid parallel update conflicts between users - required
* items can be optionally grouped under another list - its kind of category grouping. the list itself is same list object but it can act as an "item" in another list. there should be max 2 levels of depth.
* no need for application to connect with identity provider, no login needed, just user nick name is entered first time app start and cached locally.
* List can be created and deleted, the name can be modified and short description
* marked items can be unmarked and return to "open items" section
* the application should support optimistic locking mechanism when updating in parallel. The following logic should apply in case of conflict:
   * If an item was marked as done or deleted, discard local changed.
   * If item details are changed show message that the item was already updated and show the difference and the user can choose to use existing or newly changed item.
   * if two or more items have same name (no case sensitive) ask user if they want to use one of the items and delete the rest.
* The application should support offline view and item updates
    * When item is updated offline, the changed is saved locally.
    * once online again the changes list (or queue) will start to sync and update. apply above conflict logic as described.

# Implementation Details

Create proper project structure with separate directories for server and client code.
Create proper git ignore file.

## Server Side
* Server should we written in golang
* models should be persisted in mongodb
* server should support healthcheck endpoints for readiness and liveness. if db not available readiness should return service unavailable.
* use restful api with openapi generator
* create docker file for golang container image creation
* create helm chart to deploy to k8s (mongodb already deployed)
* dev image can be built locally
* production image should be built for respberry pi 4
* server should serve index.html and static code taken from client directory production build when docker image is built.


## Client Side
* client side should be browser based application PWA to support both android and iOS as well as desktop.
* client app initial screen should request user nick name and icon which is cached locally.
* all server data is cached locally in case of offline scenario updates/deletes/creates should be kept in update list and once back online again, they should be synced according to conflict logic above.
* item updated but not synced should be painted in different color to indicate they did not sync yet.
* in the left section of the screen there should be expendable section containing the lists and mark the current list in view.
* UI should include dark theme with some nice animations for deleted items and created items
* UI should be properly adjusted and support desktop and mobile phone versions.
* application should be installable for "native like" experience.
* items can be tragged between lists and their order can be change inside the list by dragging them
* inside list there is unmarked items section above and below marked items sections.
* there should be a way to delete marked item one by one or all together.
* there should be a way modify an item and create item once list is chosen.
* maintain list of icons with ids that correlate to the users. show the icon somewhere inside the item section. show only last updated by user icon
